{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs28\lang9                             \b\par
                        SURVEY  OF   Dr. A. Benjamin Joseph\par
\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540 INTRODUCTION:\fs22                               unskilled drivers, driving while intoxicated, bad\par
                              railway tack condition, overloading in tain and\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc                                negligence traffic management.\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540                                We wanted to be apart of our surrounding with\par
                         some change and advancement so that it can\par
                         bring the better life of the middle class and lower\par
                          class people to travel in high secutity and\par
                           advanced locomotions .the train is one and only\par
                           most widely used transportion,and not only for\par
                           this they are used for goods transportion also\par
                          Indian railways are not able to facilate the\par
                           customer properly due to crowded amount of\par
                             people. Statistics show that the leading cause of\par
                            death by injury in railways traffic accidents(two\par
                            train collision each other). There are number of\par
                             causes for which an accident can occur, some of\par
                             them are; lack of training for driving or less   \par
                              experinessed, use of mobile phone while driving,\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540\par
\fs28 ABSTRACT:\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540\fs22 Even with greatest of ideas to avoid railway\par
accidents, many trains accidents still happen\par
worldwide. This paper shares an idea on how\par
to avoid train collision by using an automated\par
control incorporated in the trains. In this\par
proposed paper we have implemented ideas\par
such as pre-crashing using RFID sensor,\par
ultrasonic sensor in-order to choose an array\par
of commands which would run as per the\par
conditional algorithm created in the\par
microcontroller.We would also have a EPM to\par
control the speed of the motor to lessen speed.\par
This system will be more efficient since it was\par
fully automated and also it was cost effective\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540\fs28 CONCLUSION:\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540\fs22 By using this Autonomous vehicle for\par
purpose of railway track inspection and crack\par
detection, it will have a great impact in the\par
maintenance of the tracks which will help in\par
preventing train accidents to a very large extent.\par
The regions where manual inspection is not\par
possible, like in deep coal mines, mountain\par
regions and dense thick forest regions can be\par
easily done using this vehicle.\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540  \par
\par
 \par
                                    \fs32 SURVEY  OF   Vatsala Sharma.\par
INTRODUCTION:\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540\fs22 Internet is basically system of interconnected computers through network. But now its use is changing\par
with changing world and it is not just confined to emails or web browsing. Today\rquote s internet also deals with\par
embedded sensors and has led to development of smart homes, smart rural area, e-health care\rquote s etc. and this\par
introduced the concept of IoT [1].\par
Internet of Things refers to interconnection or communication between two or more devices without\par
human-to-human and human-to-computer interaction. Connected devices are equipped with sensors or actuators\par
perceive their surroundings. IOT has four major components which include sensing the device, accessing the\par
device, processing the information of the device, and provides application and services. In addition to this it also\par
provides security and privacy of data [2].\par
Automation has affected every aspect of our daily lives. More improvements are being introduced in\par
almost all fields to reduce human effort and save time. Thinking of the same is trying to introduce automation in\par
the field of track testing. Railroad track is an integral part of any company's asset base, since it provides them\par
with the necessary business functionality. Problems that occur due to problems in railroads need to be\par
overcome. The latest method used by the Indian railroad is the tracking of the train track which requires a lot of\par
manpower and is time-consuming.\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540\fs28 ABSTRACT:\fs22\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540                   Indian Railways is the largest railway network in Asia and additionally world's second largest network operated\par
underneath a single management. Due to its large size it is difficult to monitor the cracks in tracks manually.\par
This paper deals with this problem and detects cracks in tracks with the help of ultrasonic sensor attached to\par
moving assembly with help of stepper motor. Ultrasonic sensor allows the device to moves back and forth\par
across the track and if there is any fault, it gives information to the cloud server through which railway\par
department is informed on time about cracks and many lives can be saved. This is the application of IoT, due to\par
this it is cost effective system. This effective methodology of continuous observation and assessment of rail\par
tracks might facilitate to stop accidents. This methodology endlessly monitors the rail stress, evaluate the results\par
and provide the rail break alerts such as potential buckling conditions, bending of rails and wheel impact load\par
detection to the concerned authorities.\par
KEYWORDS: IOT, Raspberry, Smart railway, Fault detection.\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540\fs28 CONCLUSION:\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540\fs22 Accidents occurring in Railway transportation system cost a large number of lives. So this system\par
helps us to prevent accidents and giving information about faults or cracks in advance to railway authorities. So\par
that they can fix them and accidents cases becomes less.\par
This project is cost effective. By using more techniques they can be modified and developed according\par
to their applications.\par
A survey on Smart Railway Track Fault Detection Using IOT\par
International organization of Scientific Research 42 | P a g e\par
In this paper the system is presented to detect the cracks in the track effectively. We have implemented\par
the Ultrasonic sensor based railway crack detection system using wireless technology. By this system many\par
lives can be saved by avoiding accidents. The idea can be implemented in large scale in the long run to facilitate\par
better safety standards for rail tracks and provide effective testing infrastructure for achieving better results in\par
the future. \par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540\par
                            \par
                                               \fs32 SURVEY  OF  Rajnish Kumar.\par
INTRODUCTION:\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540  \fs22 On 26th February 2015, Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister for Railways presented the Rail\par
Budget in Lok Sabha, which was hailed by the Prime Minister for the technologydriven measures announced. The PM said, \ldblquote I am particularly delighted that for the\par
first time there is a concrete vision for technology upgradation & modernisation of the\par
Railways,\rdblquote  The Rail Budget 2015 proposed all-embracing use of Information\par
Technology and eGovernance initiatives in Railway functioning, from SMS alert\par
service for passengers, provision for Wi-Fi at Railway Stations, digitised mapping of\par
rail land. Corporate India termed the budget, as \lquote Technology-Enabled TravellerCentric\rquote .\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540\fs32 ABSTRACT:\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540\fs22 This scheme has great potential for the The Internet of Things (IoT). The Internet of\par
Things (IoT) has been defined by International Telecommunication Union in\par
Recommendation ITU-T Y.2060 (06/2012) as a global infrastructure for the information\par
society, enabling advanced services by interconnecting (physical and virtual) things\par
based on existing and evolving interoperable information and communication\par
technologies. The IoT is a \ldblquote network\rdblquote  of \lquote things\rquote  that can broadcast data and connect\par
to the internet or to a network. Objects, animals or people are given unique identifiers\par
and the capability to transfer data over a network. All this is achieved without human\par
intervention. The convergence of wireless technologies, micro-electromechanical\par
systems (MEMS) and the Internet leads to IoT.\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540\fs32 CONCLUSION:\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540\fs22 Indian Railways can have remarkable improvement in asset management using IoT\par
for Rolling Stock like Coaches, Wagons and Locomotives. The optimal use of assets\par
can be facilitated once their exact location is known in real time. Track maintenance\par
IoT and IR\par
Page 7 of 7\par
can become better and manpower can be effectively utilized. The great pressure that\par
railways is facing due to the whopping wage bill and its severe criticism by experts\par
can be eased once the handheld devices can enable management to optimally deploy\par
staff for maintenance.  \par
\par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx7200\tx9540                                                                                                                                             SUBMITTED BY,\par
                                                                                                                                                Dharani.S\par
                                                                                                                                                \par

\pard\ri810\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\tx7200\tx9540                                            \par
\par
                                                            \par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
}
 